.Dd September 25, 2021
.Dt ABOUT 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm about
.Nd show system information
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm
.Op Fl a|--all
.Op Fl E|--env|--environment
.Op Fl H|--hw|--hardware
.Op Fl O|--os|--operating
.Op Fl P|--py|--python
.Op Fl S|--sys|--system
.Op Fl U|--user
.Op Fl -debug
.Op Fl -help|-?
.Op Fl -version
.Op Fl -
.Sh DESCRIPTION
The
.Nm
utility shows most of the system information available through the Python Standard Library.
.Ss OPTIONS
.Op Fl a|--all
Same as -SUHOEP.
.Pp
.Op Fl E|--env|--environment
Show information about the environment.
.Pp
.Op Fl H|--hw|--hardware
Show information about the hardware.
.Pp
.Op Fl O|--os|--operating
Show information about the Operating System.
.Pp
.Op Fl P|--py|--python
Show information about Python.
.Pp
.Op Fl S|--sys|--system
Show information about the system.
.Pp
.Op Fl U|--user
Show information about the user.
.Pp
.Op Fl -debug
Enable debug mode
.Pp
.Op Fl -help|-?
Print usage and this help message and exit
.Pp
.Op Fl -version
Print version and exit
.Pp
.Op Fl -
Options processing terminator
.Sh EXIT STATUS
.Ex -std about
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr uname 1 ,
.Xr sysctl 8 ,
.Pp
.Lk https://docs.python.org/3/library/index.html [The Python Standard Library]
.Sh STANDARDS
The
.Nm
utility is not a standard UNIX command.
.Pp
It tries to follow the PEP 8 style guide for Python code.
.Sh PORTABILITY
Tested OK under Windows.
.Sh HISTORY
The
.Nm
command was created as an example for the
.Lk https://github.com/HubTou/PNU [PNU project] ,
testing many of the standard Python functions for getting system information.
.Sh LICENSE
It is available under the 3-clause BSD license.
.Sh AUTHORS
.An Hubert Tournier
